some 139 for the chief musician a psalm
of David or Lord you have searched me
and known me you know my sitting down
and my rising up you understand my
thought afar off you comprehend my path
and my lying down and are acquainted
with all my ways but there is not a word
on my tongue but behold Oh Lord
you know it all together you have hedged
me behind and before and laid your hand
upon me such knowledge is too wonderful
for me it is high I cannot attain it
where can I go from your spirit or where
can I flee from your presence if I
ascend into heaven you are there if I
make my bed in hell behold you are there
if I take the wings of the morning and
dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea
even there your hand shall leave me and
your right hand shall hold me if I say
surely the darkness shall fall on me
even the night shall be light about me
indeed the darkness shall not hide from
you but the night shines as the day the
darkness and the light are both alike to
you for you formed my inward parts you
covered me in my mother's womb I will
praise you for I am fearfully and
wonderfully made marvelous are your
works and that my soul knows very well
my frame was not hidden from you when I
was made in secret and skillfully
wrought in the lowest parts of the earth
your eyes saw my substance being yet
unformed and in your book they all were
written the days of fashioned for me
when as yet there were none of them how
precious also while your thoughts to me
Oh God how great is the sum of them if I
should count them they would be more in
number than the sand when I awake I am
still with you oh but you would slay the
wicked Oh God
depart from me therefore you
bloodthirsty men for they speak against
you wickedly your enemies take your name
in vain do I not hate them Oh Lord who
hate you and do I not loathe those rise
up against you I hate them with perfect
hatred I count them my enemies
search me O God and know my heart try me
and know my anxieties and see if there
is any wicked way in me
and leave me in the way everlasting
[Music]